hey guys share semester and today I'm
bringing you another Sims 3 house of
course today I'm bringing you a very
modern build called hillside hideaway
it's one of my favourite houses I've
ever built this house is situated in
Hidden Springs which is one of the
favorite neighborhoods The Sims have
made or the Sims team have made of
course I have used quite a bit of custom
content in this house to make it seem
really realistic and to really show off
from the potential Sims houses have to
look realistic because I always find
that with custom content it brings a
certain sense of realism to your build
because it just it really does look more
realistic as I've said already anyway as
you can see I have used premium content
in this build I've used the wind chime
which was a seamstress tool item very
cool I like the idea of premium content
as you should know I have been doing a
giveaway on my Sims youtube channel
which is jazz Mazda remember to
subscribe if you haven't and I was
giving away a sims 3 premium item and
the giveaway has finished today and I am
about to pick the winner so just be
patient with me it will be uploaded soon
so don't worry about that here is the
beautiful kitchen and dining area very
nice cream and white finish with green
accents on the wall and cream curtains
it just looks really nice and I love
this bar or a really gorgeous awesome
stone wall here is the study area or
study nook with a beautiful Mac of
course because I love Mac and Apple
products here is the outdoor sort of
balcony it's more of a decking area
actually and you can see the dog is just
having fun with some of the toys that
came with The Sims 3 pets which are
really cool items and the dog is just
going into the dog kennel showing off
everything I love showing you guys the
entire Sims living in the house oh
there's a little garden that I've
included this work I really really like
including gardens in the house because
it just gives another practical act
Aoife seems to do and it reminds me of
the sims two seasons and I really really
really want a Sims expansion pack here
is the sims seasons expansion pack sorry
and here is the garden area and a lagoon
pool and waterslide a really love that
they included that waterslide in
generation oh I wish they'd include a
real waterslide like a real pool slide
like they did in seasons as you probably
know by now seasons was my favorite pet
Sims - its match in fact excluding bon
voyage which was my all-time favorite
expansion pack for the sims 2 here is an
outdoor kitchen area which I've
incorporated really cool you can see off
the cliff and into the mountains and
just a really cool view going up to the
back steps of the house I have built
this house on two levels of foundation
using the constrained floor elevation
Falls Chet if you would like more
information on some of the cheats I
could I use I just leave a comment in
the description and I would be very
happy to help you out if I have time or
another commenter would help you out
because a lot of the commenters that I
see always help others out which is
really nice and here is a beautiful TV
area it looks fantastic here we are
moving into the bathroom area I've used
a green and cream pattern which is very
similar to the kitchen area because I
liked it so much and a beautiful
landscape painting here is the teenagers
or child's room it's kind of a unisex
room it doesn't really have to be either
of course it does have a dollhouse which
means I have intended it for girls at
the moment that of course he can mix it
up and do whatever you want because you
can download this house into your game
just remember to read this description
when you are liking and commenting on
this video the comment question of this
video is what is your favorite sims 3
expansion pack so far see ya